1. What are some of the common list types that can be used when designing a page?
There are many common lists which are used to design a page. You can choose any or a combination of the following list types:
	+ Ordered list
	+ Unordered list
	+ Menu list
	+ Directory list
	+ Definition list

2. What is a hyperlink?
A hyperlink, or simply a link, is a reference to data that the user can follow by clicking or tapping.[1] A hyperlink points to a whole document or to a specific element within a document.

3. How are active links different from normal links?
A normal link is just a line of code that contains a pointer to another resource. An active link is that line of code in action, opening that other resource.

4. How do you select active link with CSS selector?
The :active selector is used to select and style the active link.

5. What are CSS sprites? How can you manipulate them?
CSS Sprites are a means of combining multiple images into a single image file for use on a website, to help with performance. Set the same background-image on several CSS classes and set the background position and dimensions of the individual classes to display a single portion of the sprite. 

6. What is the difference between adaptive and responsive design?
Responsive is fluid and adapts to the size of the screen no matter what the target device. Responsive uses CSS media queries to change styles based on the target device such as display type, width, height, etc. Adaptive design, on the other hand, uses static layouts based on breakpoints which don’t respond once they’re initially loaded. Adaptive works to detect the screen size and load the appropriate layout for it – generally you would design an adaptive site for six common screen widths.

7. What does 'Mobile first' mean?
Mobile-first can be defined as a way of thinking about web design, app design, mobile websites and the user experience. It’s about optimizing the presentation of websites for mobile devices and creating a responsive design that will fit other screen sizes. With a mobile-first design, you’re working from the smallest to the largest size option.

8. What is media queries? What are the common media queries breakpoint values?
Media query is a CSS technique introduced in CSS3.It uses the @media rule to include a block of CSS properties only if a certain condition is true.
5 major device sizes:
	+ mobile portrait: less than 640px
	+ mobile landscape: > 640px
	+ tablet portrait: > 768px
	+ tablet landscape: > 1024px
	+ laptop: > 1280px